readme.md, before:

[comment]: # " File: readme.md"
[comment]: # ""
[comment]: # "  Licensed under Apache 2.0 (https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt)"
[comment]: # ""
## Overview

The Cybereason platform finds a single component of an attack and connects it to other pieces of
information to reveal an entire campaign and shut it down. There are two types of alerts that
Cybereason will create:

-   Malops: This stands for a Malicious Operation, and will describe machines, users, processes, and
    connections used in the attack.
-   Malware: These alerts are generated when a user tries to run a piece of malware.

## Playbook Backward Compatibility

-   The new version of this application is a complete rewrite and is not backward compatible. Hence,
    it is requested to the end-user to please update their existing playbooks by re-inserting \|
    modifying \| deleting the corresponding action blocks to ensure the correct functioning of the
    playbooks created on the earlier versions of the app. If the end-user does not want to upgrade
    their playbooks, they can remain on or downgrade to the old version(v1.0.7).

Commit message:

Cybereason app v2.1.0 (#2)
* Cybereason: initial commit

* Cybereason: fixed linting error

* Cybereason: updated min_phantom_version

* Cybereason: updated license template

* Cybereason: fixed bugs and added release notes

* Cybereason: final code review changes and release notes

* Cybereason: review comment changes

readme.md, after:

[comment]: # " File: readme.md"
[comment]: # ""
[comment]: # "  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the \"License\");"
[comment]: # "  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License."
[comment]: # "  You may obtain a copy of the License at"
[comment]: # ""
[comment]: # "      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0"
[comment]: # ""
[comment]: # "  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under"
[comment]: # "  the License is distributed on an \"AS IS\" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,"
[comment]: # "  either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions"
[comment]: # "  and limitations under the License."
[comment]: # ""
## Overview

The Cybereason platform finds a single component of an attack and connects it to other pieces of
information to reveal an entire campaign and shut it down. There are two types of alerts that
Cybereason will create:

-   Malops: This stands for a Malicious Operation, and will describe machines, users, processes, and
    connections used in the attack.
-   Malware: These alerts are generated when a user tries to run a piece of malware.

## Playbook Backward Compatibility

-   The below-mentioned actions have been added. Hence, it is requested to the end-user to please update their
    existing playbooks by inserting | modifying | deleting the corresponding action blocks for this action on the earlier versions of the app.
	-   isolate specific machine
	-   unisolate specific machine
	-   upgrade sensor
	-   restart sensor
	-   query machine ip
